Job Application for Research Scientist, Data Team at DeepMind Apply Now Research Scientist, Data Team at DeepMind London, UK At Google DeepMind, we value diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds and perspectives and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know. Snapshot At Google DeepMind, we've built a unique culture and work environment where long-term ambitious research can flourish. Our special interdisciplinary team combines the best techniques from deep learning, reinforcement learning and systems neuroscience to build general-purpose learning algorithms. We have already made a number of high profile breakthroughs towards building artificial general intelligence, and we have all the ingredients in place to make further significant progress over the coming year! About us Artificial Intelligence could be one of humanity’s most useful inventions. At Google DeepMind, we’re a team of scientists, engineers, machine learning experts and more, working together to advance the state of the art in artificial intelligence. We use our technologies for widespread public benefit and scientific discovery, and collaborate with others on critical challenges, ensuring safety and ethics are the highest priority. The role We’re looking for a number of Research Scientist’s to join our Data team. As a member of this team you will help guide and execute the strategy for human data collection and innovation of new data collection methods. Data is central to the advancement of AI research, and as a member of the Data team you will play a key role in improving the range and quality of data used by researchers at Google DeepMind. Your day-to-day work will involve collaborating closely with researchers, as a member of cutting-edge research projects. Having pioneered research in the world's leading academic and industrial labs in PhDs, post-docs or professorships, Research Scientists join Google DeepMind to work collaboratively within and across research fields. They develop solutions to fundamental questions in cognitive science, human computer interaction, and machine learning, drawing on expertise from a variety of disciplines. We do not require candidates for this role to have experience with machine learning, but you should be excited to collaborate with people who do! Key responsibilities Design and implement a range of human data collection tasks for a variety of model evaluation and training objectives. High quality data requires tasks which are carefully designed with both model objectives and human participants in mind. Collaborate with multiple research partners to forge links and develop synergies to boost human data collection quality and efficiency across the company. Develop and support analysis tooling to support efficient data quality workflows within the wider team. Design, implement, run, and analyse experiments which further our understanding of how to collect and high-quality human data. Report and present research findings and developments to internal and external collaborators with effective written and verbal communication About you In order to set you up for success as a Research Scientist at Google DeepMind, we look for the following skills and experience: PhD in data science, cognitive science, or HCI-related disciplines or equivalent practical experience. Experience designing, running, and analysing online experiments involving human participants, or data collection for evaluating or training machine learning models. A high-level understanding of generative AI - particularly aspects that are relevant to designing data collection tasks. Fluency in Python. In addition, the following would be an advantage: Experience with large-scale online data collection. Experience with customised UI/survey design to optimise participant experience and data quality. Experience with rigorous data quality analysis. Hands-on experience of training or evaluating machine-learning models with human data. Some familiarity with SQL. Applications close: Friday 7th June at 5pm BST. Note: In the event your application is successful and an offer of employment is made to you, any offer of employment will be conditional on the results of a background check, performed by a third party acting on our behalf. For more information on how we handle your data, please see our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy. Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Resume/CV * Drop files here Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually (File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf) Cover Letter Drop files here Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually (File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf) LinkedIn Profile Link to external profile e.g. LinkedIn, GitHub etc. Where did you hear about this role? * Please selectDeepMind website Glassdoor University LinkedIn Twitter Instagram I am a participant on the Deepmind Scholarship program Attraction and Engagement I know someone at DeepMind Grace Hopper Conference NeurIPS Conference Other Please indicate your race/ethnic group: * Choose all that apply Asian Black/African descent Hispanic/Latino/Latinx (e.g. identify as Hispanic or Latino with ties in Latin America, and can be of any race) Indigenous (e.g. Aboriginal Australian, Alaska Native, First Nations, Native American, Native Hawaiian, Samonan) Middle Eastern/North African White/European descent Prefer not to say Please indicate your gender: * DeepMind is committed to equal opportunity employment regardless of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital status, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other basis as protected by applicable law. A voluntary self-identification question enables us to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our equal opportunities policy within our recruitment process. Your information is used in an aggregated form for these limited purposes and will not form part of your application. Disclosure is voluntary and the information you provide will be kept confidential in compliance with our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy found at https://careers.google.com/privacy-policy/ Please selectWoman Man Non-binary Prefer not to say Our system has flagged this application as potentially being associated with bot traffic. Please turn off any VPNs, clear your browser cache and cookies, or try submitting your application in a different browser. If this issue persists, please reach out to our support team via our help center. Please complete the reCAPTCHA above. Powered by Read our Privacy Policy