NVIDIA is searching for Deep Learning algorithms architect to develop artificial intelligence (AI), computer vision algorithms and applications for our Metropolis for Factories and Manufacturing platforms. Artificial Intelligence is transforming how we collect, inspect, and analyze different kinds of sensor data that impacts everything from manufacturing automation, warehouse management, product inspections to safety workflows. NVIDIA Metropolis is leading this AI revolution, providing the tools, technologies, and expertise to meet every challenge with smarter, faster applications. This challenging role will require someone who deeply understands and can architect algorithms with Large Language and Multi-modal (LLM/LMM) Foundation models to advance the application of artificial intelligence and machine learning to the Manufacturing AI market. Practical experience in the use and the building of Computer Vision algorithms, models and tools will be critical. What You’ll Be Doing: You will be a key member of a growing software team that can architect, analyze, develop and prototype key deep learning algorithms and solutions. Work and collaborate with different software, research, and hardware teams across geographies for solving critical problems. Understand and analyze the interplay of hardware and software architectures on future applications. Support engagements with customers and their third-party software providers, collaboration with Product Managements, Marketing, and Developer Technology teams. What We Need To See: MS or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering or related field in Deep Learning, Machine Learning and Computer Vision. Algorithm development experience data analytics, especially with LLM’s and Multi-Modal Foundation models Experience working with deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow and pyTorch. Strong communication skills. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. Are you a creative and autonomous data scientist who loves challenges? Do you have a genuine passion for advancing the state of AI &amp; machine learning across a variety of industries? If so, we want to hear from you. Come and join our Metropolis / team where you'll help build our real-time, cost-effective computing platform driving our success in this exciting and quickly growing field. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA is a Learning Machine NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to tackle challenges no one else can solve. Our work in AI and the metaverse is transforming the world's largest industries and profoundly impacting society. Learn more about NVIDIA.