We are now looking for Applied Research Scientists passionate about large generative models! NVIDIA is searching for world-class researchers in deep learning, reinforcement learning, and natural language processing (NLP) to join our applied deep learning research team which pioneered the Megatron, MT-NLG, and DLSS projects at NVIDIA. Our team is pushing the boundaries of generative AI and model alignment by training state-of-the-art large language and multi-modal foundation models, and pioneering new approaches to applying them to solve real-world problems such as code generation, reasoning, search, instruction following, or self-improvement. If you are passionate about the latest research and technologies revolutionizing generative AI and want to explore creative new paradigms for applied foundation models such as software assistants and customized multi-modal agents, this team will be a great fit for you. After building prototypes that demonstrate the promise of your research, you will collaborate with product teams to apply your ideas into industry-leading real-world applications. What you'll be doing: Develop deep learning-based approaches to improve and align large language models (LLMs) and large multi-modal models to real world problems. Design and implement machine learning techniques to adapt foundation models to downstream tasks of interest such as synthetic data generation, software assistants, or multi-turn multi-modal dialogue system. Construct and curate datasets for large-scale machine learning, for learning from human preferences, and for specific domains of applications. Work closely with product and hardware architecture teams to integrate your research and developments into products. What we need to see: PhD (or equivalent experience) in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science/Engineering, or a related field (or Masters degree with equivalent experience). 4+ Years of extensive machine learning / deep learning research or work experience. Knowledge of application areas such as natural language processing and computer vision. Excellent programming skills in some rapid prototyping environments such as Python; C++ and parallel programming (e.g., CUDA) is a plus. Expertise with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch. A track record of research excellence demonstrated in publications at leading conferences and journals. With competitive salaries and a generous benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. Are you passionate about generative AI, deep learning and having your ideas impact industry-leading real-world applications? If so, we'd love to hear from you! The base salary range is 180,000 USD - 345,000 USD. Your base salary will be determined based on your location, experience, and the pay of employees in similar positions. You will also be eligible for equity and benefits. NVIDIA accepts applications on an ongoing basis. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA is a Learning Machine NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to tackle challenges no one else can solve. Our work in AI and the metaverse is transforming the world's largest industries and profoundly impacting society. Learn more about NVIDIA.