We are now looking for a Senior Research Scientist, in Fundamental Generative AI! NVIDIA is searching for a world-class generative AI researcher to join the fundamental generative AI research team at NVIDIA Research. We are passionate about research that pushes boundaries but also has an impact in the real world. We are particularly interested in advancing generative AI methods for image, video, 3D, and multimodal generation. You will work within an amazing and collaborative research team that consistently publishes at the top venues in computer vision and machine learning. Our existing expertise includes generative AI, computer vision, deep learning, and so forth. You will be empowered to make contributions that create real-world impact. What you will be doing: Research, design, and implement novel, large-scale generative AI methods. Publish original research. Collaborate with other team members, research teams, as well as product teams. Speak at conferences and events. Transfer technology to product groups. What we need to see: Must hold a Ph.D. in Computer Science/Engineering, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, etc., or equivalent research experience. Excellent knowledge of the theory and practice of generative AI. 4 years of relevant research experience in deep learning, computer vision, generative AI, or related ML/AI fields. Strong knowledge of NLP, 3D graphics / 3D vision, or perception desired. Excellent programming skills in some rapid prototyping environments such as Python; C++ and parallel programming (e.g., CUDA) is a plus. Knowledge of common machine learning frameworks, such as PyTorch. Outstanding research track record. Excellent communication skills. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world's most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and productive people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous researcher with a strong interest in fundamental generative AI, we want to hear from you! The base salary range is 180,000 USD - 345,000 USD. Your base salary will be determined based on your location, experience, and the pay of employees in similar positions. You will also be eligible for equity and benefits. NVIDIA accepts applications on an ongoing basis. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA is a Learning Machine NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to tackle challenges no one else can solve. Our work in AI and the metaverse is transforming the world's largest industries and profoundly impacting society. Learn more about NVIDIA.