Job Application for Research Engineer, London at Anthropic Apply Now Research Engineer, London at Anthropic (View all jobs) London, UK About Anthropic Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems. You want to build large scale ML systems from the ground up. You care about making safe, steerable, trustworthy systems. As a Research Engineer, you'll touch all parts of our code and infrastructure, whether that's making the cluster more reliable for our big jobs, improving throughput and efficiency, running and designing scientific experiments, or improving our dev tooling. You're excited to write code when you understand the research context and more broadly why it's important. Note: This is an "evergreen" role that we keep open on an ongoing basis. We receive many applications for this position, and you may not hear back from us directly if we do not currently have an open role on any of our teams that matches your skills and experience. We encourage you to apply despite this, as we are continually evaluating for top talent to join our team. You are also welcome to reapply as you gain more experience, but we suggest only reapplying once per year. We may also put up separate, team-specific job postings. In those cases, the teams will give preference to candidates who apply to the team-specific postings, so if you are interested in a specific team please make sure to check for team-specific job postings! You may be a good fit if you: Have significant software engineering experience Are results-oriented, with a bias towards flexibility and impact Pick up slack, even if it goes outside your job description Enjoy pair programming (we love to pair!) Want to learn more about machine learning research Care about the societal impacts of your work Strong candidates may also have experience with: High performance, large-scale ML systems GPUs, Kubernetes, Pytorch, or OS internals Language modeling with transformers Reinforcement learning Large-scale ETL Representative projects: Optimizing the throughput of a new attention mechanism Comparing the compute efficiency of two Transformer variants Making a Wikipedia dataset in a format models can easily consume Scaling a distributed training job to thousands of GPUs Writing a design doc for fault tolerance strategies Creating an interactive visualization of attention between tokens in a language model The expected salary range for this position is:Annual Salary:£230,000—£515,000 GBP Logistics Location-based hybrid policy: Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices. US visa sponsorship: We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate; operations roles are especially difficult to support. But if we make you an offer, we will make every effort to get you into the United States, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this. We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification. Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed. Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team. Compensation and Benefits* Anthropic’s compensation package consists of three elements: salary, equity, and benefits. We are committed to pay fairness and aim for these three elements collectively to be highly competitive with market rates. Equity - On top of this position's salary (listed above), equity will be a major component of the total compensation. We aim to offer higher-than-average equity compensation for a company of our size, and communicate equity amounts at the time of offer issuance. US Benefits - The following benefits are for our US-based employees: Optional equity donation matching. Comprehensive health, dental, and vision insurance for you and all your dependents. 401(k) plan with 4% matching. 22 weeks of paid parental leave. Unlimited PTO – most staff take between 4-6 weeks each year, sometimes more! Stipends for education, home office improvements, commuting, and wellness. Fertility benefits via Carrot. Daily lunches and snacks in our office. Relocation support for those moving to the Bay Area. UK Benefits - The following benefits are for our UK-based employees: Optional equity donation matching. Private health, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents. Pension contribution (matching 4% of your salary). 21 weeks of paid parental leave. Unlimited PTO – most staff take between 4-6 weeks each year, sometimes more! Health cash plan. Life insurance and income protection. Daily lunches and snacks in our office. * This compensation and benefits information is based on Anthropic’s good faith estimate for this position as of the date of publication and may be modified in the future. Employees based outside of the UK or US will receive a different benefits package. The level of pay within the range will depend on a variety of job-related factors, including where you place on our internal performance ladders, which is based on factors including past work experience, relevant education, and performance on our interviews or in a work trial. How we're different We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills. The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI & Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences. Come work with us! Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Resume/CV Drop files here Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually (File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf) Cover Letter Drop files here Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually (File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf) (Optional) Personal Preferences How do you pronounce your name? Website Publications (e.g. Google Scholar) URL GitHub URL Other Useful URLs (e.g. Blog Posts) Are you open to working in-person in one of our offices 25% of the time? * -- Yes No If you're not already based in one of our hub cities, are you willing to relocate? (Check all that apply) * Yes, to the San Francisco Bay Area Yes, to Seattle Yes, to New York City Yes, to London No. I am open to hybrid roles, but not roles that require relocation. I already live in one of your hub cities. When is the earliest you would want to start working with us? Do you have any deadlines or timeline considerations we should be aware of? AI Policy for Application * While we encourage people to use AI systems during their role to help them work faster and more effectively, please do not use AI assistants during the application process. We want to understand your personal interest in Anthropic without mediation through an AI system, and we also want to evaluate your non-AI-assisted communication skills. Please indicate 'Yes' if you have read and agree. -- Yes No Why Anthropic? * Why do you want to work at Anthropic? (We value this response highly - great answers are often 200-400 words.) In one paragraph, provide an example of something meaningful that you have done in line with your values. Examples could include past work, volunteering, civic engagement, community organizing, donations, family support, etc. * Team Matching * Which teams or projects are you most interested in? (Note: if none of the teams you select are hiring, we won't proceed with your application at this time, although we may reach out if those teams open roles in the future.) Pre-training — The Pre-training team trains large language models that are used by our product, alignment, and interpretability teams. Some projects include figuring out the optimal dataset, architecture, hyper-parameters, and scaling and managing large training runs on our cluster. AI Alignment Research — the Alignment team works to train more aligned (helpful, honest, and harmless) models and does “alignment science” to understand how alignment techniques work and try to extrapolate to uncover and address new failure modes. Reinforcement Learning – Reinforcement Learning is used by a variety of different teams, both for alignment and to teach models to be more capable at specific tasks. Platform – The Platform team builds shared infrastructure used by Anthropic's research and product teams. Areas of ownership include: the inference service that generates predictions from language models; extensive continuous integration and testing infrastructure; several very large supercomputing clusters and the associated tooling. Interpretability — The Interpretability team investigates what’s going on inside large language models — in a sense, they are trying to reverse engineer the concepts and mechanics from the inscrutable learned weights of these systems. Their goal is to ensure that AI systems are safe by being able to assess whether they’re doing what we actually want, all the way down to the individual neurons. Societal Impacts — Our Societal Impacts team designs and executes experiments that evaluate the capabilities and harms of the technologies we build. They also support the policy team with empirical evidence. Product — The Product research team trains, evaluates, and improves upon Claude, integrating all of our research techniques to make our AI systems as safe and helpful as possible. What’s your ideal breakdown of your time in a working week, in terms of hours or % per week spent on meetings, coding, reading papers, etc.? Will you now or in the future require visa sponsorship for employment at Anthropic? * -- Yes No Are you legally authorized to work in the country in which the job you are applying for is located? * -- Yes No Additional Information Add a cover letter or anything else you want to share. LinkedIn Profile Please ensure to provide either your LinkedIn profile or Resume, we require at least one of the two. Our system has flagged this application as potentially being associated with bot traffic. Please turn off any VPNs, clear your browser cache and cookies, or try submitting your application in a different browser. If this issue persists, please reach out to our support team via our help center. Please complete the reCAPTCHA above. Powered by Read our Privacy Policy