Job Application for Research Scientist, Interpretability (London) at Anthropic Apply Now Research Scientist, Interpretability (London) at Anthropic (View all jobs) London, UK About Anthropic Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems. About the role: Please note: We are not actively hiring for Research Scientists, although we may still reach out if we see an exceptional fit. Feel free to submit your application if you would like to be considered when we are more actively hiring Research Scientists for the Interpretability team! When you see what modern language models are capable of, do you wonder, "How do these things work? How can we trust them?" The Interpretability team at Anthropic is working to reverse-engineer how trained models work because we believe that a mechanistic understanding is the most robust way to make advanced systems safe. We’re looking for researchers and engineers to join our efforts. People mean many different things by "interpretability". We're focused on mechanistic interpretability, which aims to discover how neural network parameters map to meaningful algorithms. If you're unfamiliar with this type of research, you might be interested in this introductory essay, or Zoom In: An Introduction to Circuits. (For a broader overview of work in this space, one of our team's alumni maintains a helpful reading list.) Some useful analogies might be to think of us as trying to do "biology" or "neuroscience" of neural networks, or as treating neural networks as binary computer programs we're trying to "reverse engineer". Some of our team's notable publications include A Mathematical Framework for Transformer Circuits, In-context Learning and Induction Heads, and Toy Models of Superposition. This work builds on ideas from members' work prior to Anthropic such as the original circuits thread, Multimodal Neurons, Activation Atlases, and Building Blocks. We aim to create a solid foundation for mechanistically understanding neural networks and making them safe (see our recent vision post). In the short term, this means a we focus a lot of our attention on the issue of "superposition" (see Toy Models of Superposition, Superposition, Memorization, and Double Descent, and our May 2023 update). But this is just a stepping stone towards our goal of mechanistically understanding neural networks. We often collaborate with teams across Anthropic, such as Alignment Science and Societal Impacts. We also have an Interpretability Architectures project that involves collaborating with Pretraining. If you would be especially excited to work on a project that touches upon the intersection of Interpretability and another team, feel free to note down the specific team(s) you’d be interested in collaborating with. Responsibilities: Develop methods for understanding LLMs by reverse engineering algorithms learned in their weights Design and run robust experiments, both quickly in toy scenarios and at scale in large models Build infrastructure for running experiments and visualizing results Work with colleagues to communicate results internally and publicly You may be a good fit if you: Have a strong track record of scientific research (in any field), and have done some work on Interpretability Enjoy team science – working collaboratively to make big discoveries Are comfortable with messy experimental science. We're inventing the field as we work, and the first textbook is years away You view research and engineering as two sides of the same coin. Every team member writes code, designs and runs experiments, and interprets results You can clearly articulate and discuss the motivations behind your work, and teach us about what you've learned. You like writing up and communicating your results, even when they're null Familiarity with Python is required for this role. The expected salary range for this position is:Annual Salary:£230,000—£515,000 GBP Logistics Location-based hybrid policy: Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices. US visa sponsorship: We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate; operations roles are especially difficult to support. But if we make you an offer, we will make every effort to get you into the United States, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this. We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification. Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed. Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team. Compensation and Benefits* Anthropic’s compensation package consists of three elements: salary, equity, and benefits. We are committed to pay fairness and aim for these three elements collectively to be highly competitive with market rates. Equity - On top of this position's salary (listed above), equity will be a major component of the total compensation. We aim to offer higher-than-average equity compensation for a company of our size, and communicate equity amounts at the time of offer issuance. US Benefits - The following benefits are for our US-based employees: Optional equity donation matching. Comprehensive health, dental, and vision insurance for you and all your dependents. 401(k) plan with 4% matching. 22 weeks of paid parental leave. Unlimited PTO – most staff take between 4-6 weeks each year, sometimes more! Stipends for education, home office improvements, commuting, and wellness. Fertility benefits via Carrot. Daily lunches and snacks in our office. Relocation support for those moving to the Bay Area. UK Benefits - The following benefits are for our UK-based employees: Optional equity donation matching. Private health, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents. Pension contribution (matching 4% of your salary). 21 weeks of paid parental leave. Unlimited PTO – most staff take between 4-6 weeks each year, sometimes more! Health cash plan. Life insurance and income protection. Daily lunches and snacks in our office. * This compensation and benefits information is based on Anthropic’s good faith estimate for this position as of the date of publication and may be modified in the future. Employees based outside of the UK or US will receive a different benefits package. The level of pay within the range will depend on a variety of job-related factors, including where you place on our internal performance ladders, which is based on factors including past work experience, relevant education, and performance on our interviews or in a work trial. How we're different We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills. The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI & Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences. Come work with us! Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Resume/CV Drop files here Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually (File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf) Cover Letter Drop files here Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually (File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf) (Optional) Personal Preferences How do you pronounce your name? Website Publications (e.g. Google Scholar) URL GitHub URL Are you open to working in-person in one of our offices 25% of the time? * -- Yes No When is the earliest you would want to start working with us? Do you have any deadlines or timeline considerations we should be aware of? AI Policy for Application * While we encourage people to use AI systems during their role to help them work faster and more effectively, please do not use AI assistants during the application process. We want to understand your personal interest in Anthropic without mediation through an AI system, and we also want to evaluate your non-AI-assisted communication skills. Please indicate 'Yes' if you have read and agree. -- Yes No Why Anthropic? * Why do you want to work at Anthropic? (We value this response highly - great answers are often 200-400 words.) Will you now or in the future require visa sponsorship for employment at Anthropic? * -- Yes No Are you legally authorized to work in the country in which the job you are applying for is located? * -- Yes No Please link to your publications/research outputs, e.g. Google Scholar or Semantic Scholar (if you don't have any, please apply to our Research Engineer posting instead)* * Other useful URLs (e.g. technical blog posts) What’s a technical achievement you’re proud of? Why do you want to work on the Anthropic interpretability team? (We value this response highly - great answers are often 200-400 words. We like to see deeper and more specific engagement with Anthropic and our interpretability agenda than simply interest in AI or LLMs.) * In one paragraph, provide an example of something meaningful that you have done in line with your values. Examples could include past work, volunteering, civic engagement, community organizing, donations, family support, etc. * In one paragraph, provide an example of a time you were curious about something in the world and how you went about investigating it. * Please share a link to the piece of work you've done that is most relevant to the interpretability team, along with a brief description of the work and its relevance. * Additional Information Add a cover letter or anything else you want to share. LinkedIn Profile Please ensure to provide either your LinkedIn profile or Resume, we require at least one of the two. Our system has flagged this application as potentially being associated with bot traffic. Please turn off any VPNs, clear your browser cache and cookies, or try submitting your application in a different browser. If this issue persists, please reach out to our support team via our help center. Please complete the reCAPTCHA above. Powered by Read our Privacy Policy