Job Application for Research Scientists at Google DeepMind at DeepMind Apply Now Research Scientists at Google DeepMind at DeepMind London, UK Please note that this is not a live role. You can submit your CV for future hiring and we will reach out if a suitable position becomes available. At Google DeepMind, we value diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds and perspectives and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know. Snapshot If you are interested in a career as a Research Scientist at Google DeepMind, and thrive on pushing boundaries and achieving ambitious goals, we’d love to hear from you. Register your interest here and we'll reach out with relevant opportunities as they arise. Please specify location preference(s) when submitting your details. About us At Google DeepMind, we've built a unique culture and work environment where long-term ambitious research can flourish. Our special interdisciplinary team combines the best techniques from deep learning, reinforcement learning and systems neuroscience to build general-purpose learning algorithms. We have already made a number of high profile breakthroughs towards building artificial general intelligence, and we have all the ingredients in place to make further significant progress over the coming year! We’re a dedicated scientific community, committed to “solving intelligence” and ensuring our technology is used for widespread public benefit. We’ve built a supportive and inclusive environment where collaboration is encouraged and learning is shared freely. We don’t set limits based on what others think is possible or impossible. We drive ourselves and inspire each other to push boundaries and achieve ambitious goals. We constantly iterate on our workplace experience with the goal of ensuring it encourages a balanced life. From excellent office facilities through to extensive manager support, we strive to support our people and their needs as effectively as possible Our list of benefits is extensive, and we’re happy to discuss this further throughout the interview process. The role Research Scientists at Google DeepMind lead our efforts in developing novel algorithmic architecture towards the end goal of solving and building Artificial General Intelligence. Having pioneered research in the world's leading academic and industrial labs in PhDs, post-docs or professorships, Research Scientists join Google DeepMind to work collaboratively within and across Research fields. They develop solutions to fundamental questions in machine learning, computational neuroscience and AI. Drawing on expertise from a variety of disciplines including deep learning, reinforcement learning, computer vision, language, neuroscience, safety, control, robotics and multi-agent, our Research Scientists are at the forefront of groundbreaking research. Key responsibilities Design, implement and evaluate models, agents and software prototypes of perceptual processing. Report and present research findings and developments including status and results clearly and efficiently both internally and externally, verbally and in writing. Suggest and engage in team collaborations to meet ambitious research goals. Work with external collaborators and maintain relationships with relevant research labs and key individuals as appropriate. Work in collaboration with our Ethics and Governance teams to ensure our advances in intelligence are developed ethically and provide broad benefits to humanity. About you In order to set you up for success as a Research Scientist at Google DeepMind, we look for the following skills and experience: PhD in a technical field or equivalent practical experience. In addition, the following would be an advantage: PhD in machine learning, neuroscience or computer science. Relevant experience to the position such as post doctoral roles, a proven track record of publications, or deep neural network architectures. A real passion for AI! At Google DeepMind, we value diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds and perspectives and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know. Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Resume/CV * Drop files here Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually (File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf) Cover Letter Drop files here Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually (File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf) When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review + Add another education Link to external profile e.g. LinkedIn, GitHub etc. Are you studying towards or already hold a PhD? * -- Yes No Tell us about your research interests and the sorts of topics you would like to explore if you were to join Google DeepMind. * Please indicate your location preference(s) * London, UK Paris, France Mountain View, California, US Montreal, Canada New York, US If invited to interview, what time of day is preferable? * This information will be used to help us schedule your interview Please selectMorning Afternoon No preference Is there anything else you'd like to add in support of your application? Where did you hear about Google DeepMind? * Please selectWebsite Friend ICLR ICML NeurIPS Grace Hopper Other Please indicate your race/ethnic group: * Choose all that apply Asian Black/African descent Hispanic/Latino/Latinx (e.g. identify as Hispanic or Latino with ties in Latin America, and can be of any race) Indigenous (e.g. Aboriginal Australian, Alaska Native, First Nations, Native American, Native Hawaiian, Samonan) Middle Eastern/North African White/European descent Prefer not to say Please indicate your gender: * DeepMind is committed to equal opportunity employment regardless of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital status, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other basis as protected by applicable law. A voluntary self-identification question enables us to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our equal opportunities policy within our recruitment process. Your information is used in an aggregated form for these limited purposes and will not form part of your application. Disclosure is voluntary and the information you provide will be kept confidential in compliance with our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy found at https://careers.google.com/privacy-policy/ Please selectWoman Man Non-binary Prefer not to say Our system has flagged this application as potentially being associated with bot traffic. Please turn off any VPNs, clear your browser cache and cookies, or try submitting your application in a different browser. If this issue persists, please reach out to our support team via our help center. Please complete the reCAPTCHA above. Degree * High School Associate's Degree Bachelor's Degree Master's Degree Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Juris Doctor (J.D.) Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Engineer's Degree Other Discipline * Accounting African Studies Agriculture Anthropology Applied Health Services Architecture Art Asian Studies Biology Business Business Administration Chemistry Classical Languages Communications & Film Computer Science Dentistry Developing Nations Discipline Unknown Earth Sciences Economics Education Electronics Engineering English Studies Environmental Studies European Studies Fashion Finance Fine Arts General Studies Health Services History Human Resources Management Humanities Industrial Arts & Carpentry Information Systems International Relations Journalism Languages Latin American Studies Law Linguistics Manufacturing & Mechanics Mathematics Medicine Middle Eastern Studies Naval Science North American Studies Nuclear Technics Operations Research & Strategy Organizational Theory Philosophy Physical Education Physical Sciences Physics Political Science Psychology Public Policy Public Service Religious Studies Russian & Soviet Studies Scandinavian Studies Science Slavic Studies Social Science Social Sciences Sociology Speech Statistics & Decision Theory Urban Studies Veterinary Medicine Other Powered by Read our Privacy Policy