Job Application for Research Engineer, Science, New York at DeepMind Apply Now Research Engineer, Science, New York at DeepMind New York City, New York, US At Google DeepMind, we value diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds and perspectives and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know. Snapshot Our special interdisciplinary team combines the best techniques from deep learning, reinforcement learning and systems neuroscience to build general-purpose learning algorithms. We have already made a number of high profile breakthroughs towards building artificial general intelligence, and we have all the ingredients in place to make further significant progress over the coming years. About us Artificial Intelligence could be one of humanity’s most useful inventions. At Google DeepMind, we’re a team of scientists, engineers, machine learning experts and more, working together to advance the state of the art in artificial intelligence. We use our technologies for widespread public benefit and scientific discovery, and collaborate with others on critical challenges, ensuring safety and ethics are the highest priority. We’re a dedicated scientific community, committed to “solving intelligence” and ensuring our technology is used for widespread public benefit. We’ve built a supportive and inclusive environment where collaboration is encouraged and learning is shared freely. We don’t set limits based on what others think is possible or impossible. We drive ourselves and inspire each other to push boundaries and achieve ambitious goals. The role To succeed in this role you will need to be passionate about advancing science using machine learning and other computational techniques. You'll join an interdisciplinary team of domain experts, ML researchers and engineers exploring a diverse set of important scientific problems in biology, physics, mathematics and other areas. Our work is organised into several longer-term focus areas which aim to achieve step changes to the state-of-the-art (as exemplified in e.g. AlphaFold, AlphaMissense and FunSearch). You'll leverage our unique mix of expertise, data and computational resources to experiment and iterate both rapidly and at scale. As an embedded Research Engineer you will collaborate with researchers and software engineers to develop and run experiments exploring new applications of AI to science problems. The team is pioneering in many different domains so you may take part in exploratory work validating early ideas or work in a maturing area to deepen and exploit a promising line of research. You may also contribute to the scientific knowledge and experience of the team with your own scientific domain knowledge. You will work with internal and external researchers on pioneering research bridging AI and science. Key responsibilities: Plan and perform rapid prototyping of machine learning techniques applied to problems in science Undertake exploratory analysis to inform experimentation and research directions Make improvements to model architectures and training procedures of machine learning models Implement tools, libraries and frameworks to speed up and enable new research Report and present software developments, experimental results and data analysis clearly and efficiently Collaborate with internal and external scientific domain experts The role will suit candidates who enjoy working in a heavily experimental setting with large and noisy datasets and who wish to immerse themselves in innovative science, ML and AI research. About you In order to set you up for success as a Research Engineer at Google DeepMind, we look for the following skills and experience: Masters degree in computer science, electrical engineering, science, mathematics or equivalent experience Applied experience with machine learning, preferably modern deep learning techniques (e.g. Transformers, Diffusion, LLMs) Experience with at least one programming language (with a preference for those commonly used in machine learning or scientific computing such as Python or C++) Knowledge of linear algebra, calculus and statistics equivalent to at least first-year university coursework Experience exploring, analysing and visualising data Experience using Jax, PyTorch, TensorFlow, NumPy, Pandas or similar ML/scientific libraries In addition, the following would be an advantage: Experience optimising large-scale training and fine-tuning large models Experience working with large and noisy datasets Experience collaborating across fields Scientific knowledge (particularly biology, chemistry and physics) When assessing technical background we will take a holistic view of the mix of scientific, ML and computational experience. We do not expect you to be an expert in all fields simultaneously. However, except for scientific knowledge, since the role serves as a bridge between all three, some experience in each is necessary. What we offer At Google DeepMind, we want employees and their families to live happier and healthier lives, both in and out of work, and our benefits reflect that. Some select benefits we offer: enhanced maternity, paternity, adoption, and shared parental leave, private medical and dental insurance for yourself and any dependents, and flexible working options. We strive to continually improve our working environment, and provide you with excellent facilities such as healthy food, an on-site gym, faith rooms, terraces etc. We are also open to relocating candidates to New York and offer a bespoke service and immigration support to make it as easy as possible (depending on eligibility). The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $133,000 - $240,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your targeted location during the hiring process. Application deadline: 12pm PST Friday 7th June 2024 Note: In the event your application is successful and an offer of employment is made to you, any offer of employment will be conditional on the results of a background check, performed by a third party acting on our behalf. For more information on how we handle your data, please see our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy. Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Resume/CV * Drop files here Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually (File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf) Cover Letter Drop files here Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually (File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf) Link to external profile e.g. LinkedIn, GitHub etc. * Please tell us about your experience with deep learning. Describe how you have used machine learning to solve a problem (100-150 words) * Where did you hear about this role? * Please selectDeepMind website Glassdoor University LinkedIn Twitter Instagram I am a participant on the Deepmind Scholarship program Attraction and Engagement I know someone at DeepMind Grace Hopper Conference NeurIPS Conference Other How do you think machine learning could be applied to a scientific domain e.g. biology, chemistry, maths? (100-150 words) * Voluntary Self-Identification For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. As set forth in DeepMind’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law. Gender Please selectMale Female Decline To Self Identify Are you Hispanic/Latino? Please selectYes No Decline To Self Identify Please identify your race Please selectAmerican Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self Identify Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Please selectI am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answer Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Form CC-305 Page 1 of 1 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 04/30/2026 Why are you being asked to complete this form? We are a federal contractor or subcontractor. The law requires us to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We have a goal of having at least 7% of our workers as people with disabilities. The law says we must measure our progress towards this goal. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had one. People can become disabled, so we need to ask this question at least every five years. Completing this form is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer is confidential. No one who makes hiring decisions will see it. Your decision to complete the form and your answer will not harm you in any way. If you want to learn more about the law or this form, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. How do you know if you have a disability? A disability is a condition that substantially limits one or more of your “major life activities.” If you have or have ever had such a condition, you are a person with a disability. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Alcohol or other substance use disorder (not currently using drugs illegally) Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV/AIDS Blind or low vision Cancer (past or present) Cardiovascular or heart disease Celiac disease Cerebral palsy Deaf or serious difficulty hearing Diabetes Disfigurement, for example, disfigurement caused by burns, wounds, accidents, or congenital disorders Epilepsy or other seizure disorder Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, irritable bowel syndrome Intellectual or developmental disability Mental health conditions, for example, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Mobility impairment, benefiting from the use of a wheelchair, scooter, walker, leg brace(s) and/or other supports Nervous system condition, for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis (MS) Neurodivergence, for example, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder, dyslexia, dyspraxia, other learning disabilities Partial or complete paralysis (any cause) Pulmonary or respiratory conditions, for example, tuberculosis, asthma, emphysema Short stature (dwarfism) Traumatic brain injury Disability Status Please selectYes, I have a disability, or have had one in the past No, I do not have a disability and have not had one in the past I do not want to answer PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. Our system has flagged this application as potentially being associated with bot traffic. Please turn off any VPNs, clear your browser cache and cookies, or try submitting your application in a different browser. If this issue persists, please reach out to our support team via our help center. Please complete the reCAPTCHA above. Powered by Read our Privacy Policy