Job Application for Research Scientist, Generative Modeling at DeepMind Apply Now Research Scientist, Generative Modeling at DeepMind Amsterdam, Netherlands At Google DeepMind, we value diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds and perspectives and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know. Snapshot At Google DeepMind, we've built a unique culture and work environment where long-term ambitious research can flourish. The GenMo (Generative Models and More) team is part of Google DeepMind’s foundational research unit, and aims to make fundamental improvements to techniques in generative modeling. Within generative modeling, the Amsterdam team is focused on improving the efficiency of diffusion models for generating images, video, and other modalities. Their contributions include new architectures, distillation algorithms, and inference methods that now help power Google’s generative media models. About Us Artificial Intelligence could be one of humanity’s most useful inventions. At Google DeepMind, we’re a team of scientists, engineers, machine learning experts and more, working together to advance the state of the art in artificial intelligence. We use our technologies for widespread public benefit and scientific discovery, and collaborate with others on critical challenges, ensuring safety and ethics are the highest priority. The Role Research Scientists at Google DeepMind lead our efforts in developing the next generation of models and algorithms that drive our progress towards increasingly capable Artificial Intelligence. We’re looking for researchers with experience in generative modeling research that can both come up with algorithmic improvements and are able to implement and test these at Google scale. Key responsibilities: Design, implement and evaluate generative models and algorithms. Report and present research findings and developments including status and results clearly and efficiently both internally and externally, verbally and in writing. Suggest and engage in team collaborations to meet ambitious research goals. Work with external collaborators and maintain relationships with relevant research labs and key individuals as appropriate. Work in collaboration with our Ethics and Governance teams to ensure our advances in intelligence are developed ethically and provide broad benefits to humanity. About You In order to set you up for success as a Research Scientist at Google DeepMind, we look for the following skills and experience: PhD in a technical field or equivalent practical experience. In addition, the following would be an advantage: PhD in machine learning, artificial intelligence or computer science. Relevant experience in generative modeling, with a proven track record of publications, open source contributions, or applied work. A real passion for AI! Applications close on Wednesday 19th June at 5pm BST. Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Resume/CV * Drop files here Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually (File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf) Cover Letter Drop files here Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually (File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf) LinkedIn Profile Link to external profile e.g. LinkedIn, GitHub etc. Where did you hear about this role? * Please selectDeepMind website Glassdoor University LinkedIn Twitter Instagram I am a participant on the Deepmind Scholarship program Attraction and Engagement I know someone at DeepMind Grace Hopper Conference NeurIPS Conference Other Please indicate your race/ethnic group: * Choose all that apply Asian Black/African descent Hispanic/Latino/Latinx (e.g. identify as Hispanic or Latino with ties in Latin America, and can be of any race) Indigenous (e.g. Aboriginal Australian, Alaska Native, First Nations, Native American, Native Hawaiian, Samonan) Middle Eastern/North African White/European descent Prefer not to say Please indicate your gender: * DeepMind is committed to equal opportunity employment regardless of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital status, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other basis as protected by applicable law. A voluntary self-identification question enables us to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our equal opportunities policy within our recruitment process. Your information is used in an aggregated form for these limited purposes and will not form part of your application. Disclosure is voluntary and the information you provide will be kept confidential in compliance with our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy found at https://careers.google.com/privacy-policy/ Please selectWoman Man Non-binary Prefer not to say Our system has flagged this application as potentially being associated with bot traffic. Please turn off any VPNs, clear your browser cache and cookies, or try submitting your application in a different browser. If this issue persists, please reach out to our support team via our help center. Please complete the reCAPTCHA above. Powered by Read our Privacy Policy