NVIDIA is looking for several outstanding machine learning interns to join NVIDIA AI Technology Center team in Hong Kong. We are passionate about research that pushes boundaries but also has impact in the real world. Topics include but are not limited to the Foundation of Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, explainable AI, generative AI and Physics-informed machine learning. With its unique open culture, NVIDIA is one of the best industry labs to do Accelerated Computing research. Intelligent machines powered by AI computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car powered by AI can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. This is truly an extraordinary time — the era of AI has begun. Image recognition and speech recognition — GPU Deep Learning has provided the foundation for machines to learn, perceive, reason and solve problems. The GPU started out as the engine for simulating human creativity, conjuring up the amazing virtual worlds of video games and Hollywood films. Now, NVIDIA's GPU runs Deep Learning algorithms, simulating human intelligence, and acts as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Just as human imagination and intelligence are linked, computer graphics and artificial intelligence come together in our architecture. Two modes of the human brain, two modes of the GPU. This may explain why NVIDIA GPUs are used broadly for Deep Learning, and NVIDIA is increasingly known as “the AI computing company. What you’ll be doing: Conduct original research Keeping track of the latest developments of NVIDIA technology and building demos for regional colleagues outreach activities. Assist the team in engaging AI community and collaborators through AI/ML workshop. Research, design and implement novel AI and deep learning methods. Collaborate with external researchers. What we need to see: BS, MS, or PhD student in Computer Science, Electrical/Computer Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, or other Engineering fields. Excellent knowledge of theory and practice of generative AI, computer vision, natural language processing, differential equations, and deep learning methods. Must enjoy interacting with forward-thinking people, life-long learning, and staying at the cutting-edge of the domain. Excellent oral and written communication skills in English. Excellent python/C++ programming skills Great knowledge of common deep-learning frameworks NVIDIA is a Learning Machine NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to tackle challenges no one else can solve. Our work in AI and the metaverse is transforming the world's largest industries and profoundly impacting society. Learn more about NVIDIA.