We are looking for a Machine Learning Intern. If you are passionate about the machine learning and how it can be applied to scientific research, we should talk. We’re seeking an Intern to join our NVIDIA AI Technology Center team in Hong Kong. NVIDIA is the world leader in computer graphics, simulation technologies, artificial intelligence, and accelerated computing. Machine learning Interns like you will assess and develop multimodal models on NVIDIA AI platforms. Now, NVIDIA's GPU runs Deep Learning algorithms, simulating human intelligence, and acts as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Improving the performance of algorithms in understanding the physical world with us is a valuable experience. Doing what's never been done before takes vision, innovation, and the world's best talent. At NVIDIA, you will be immersed in a diverse, supportive environment where everyone is inspired to do their best work. Come join the team and see how you can make a lasting impact on the world. What you'll be doing: Keeping track of the latest developments in NVIDIA technology and build demos for regional colleagues outreached activities. Assist the team engaging AI community and collaborator through Accelerated AI workshop. Develop demonstration using NVIDIA SDKs e.g., NeMo, MONAI, TensorRT, Triton Inference Server etc. Algorithmic development and experimentation on machine learning project. AI Software development. What we need to see: Pursuing BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics, or a related field. Experience with machine learning and / or deep learning. Familiar with Linux OS environment. Python Programming. Excellent oral and written communication skills in English. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Experience with multimodal Large Language Model (LLM). Basic Understanding of Cell Biology. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is a Learning Machine NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to tackle challenges no one else can solve. Our work in AI and the metaverse is transforming the world's largest industries and profoundly impacting society. Learn more about NVIDIA.