Widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers, NVIDIA is an industry leader with groundbreaking developments in High-Performance Computing, Artificial Intelligence and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is seeking a highly skilled and experienced Large Language Model (LLM) based Application Infrastructure engineer to join our growing team. The successful candidate will work at the intersection of GPU chip design and AI, you will be responsible for the design, development, and maintenance of the infrastructure around NVIDIA's internal large language model aimed at facilitating chip design. What you'll be doing: Develop and maintain the infrastructure for managing large language models (LLMs) based application specifically adapted for the chip design and hardware domain. Develop and maintain LLM based applications to serve hardware engineers, such as LLM based QA bot, code generator etc. Collaborate with HW chip designers and LLM research teams to understand the specific needs and challenges of GPU design and ensure the LLM infrastructure is well-suited to these needs. Collaborate with LLM research teams to collect &amp; organize training / fine-tuning data to train hardware specific language model Optimize the infrastructure for performance, scalability, and reliability, and ensure the secure and efficient management of data. Stay updated with the latest industry trends in AI and machine learning, and continuously look for opportunities to apply these advancements to improve the LLM infrastructure. What we need to see: 5+ years work experience in developing and maintaining AI or machine learning infrastructure, preferably in the context of large language models. BS in computer science or related or equivalent experience Strong proficiency in Python and web development, and familiarity with LLM related techniques e.g., langchain, vector database, prompt engineering, etc. Understanding of chip design and related computational and data challenges. Experience with data management, including doc cleaning, transformation, and secure storage. Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work effectively in a team. In depth understanding of Machine Learning / Deep Learning / NLP concepts. Ways to stand out from the crowd: You crafted &amp; developed production quality microservices Strong technical background in cloud/distributed infrastructure An excellent plus if you are familiar with front-end development using React or Vue.js Strong understanding of SQL &amp; NoSQL Data platforms. NVIDIA offers highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us and, due to outstanding growth, our exclusive engineering teams are rapidly growing. Are you a creative and passionate about applying Machine Learning to solve remarkably interesting problems? Are you interested in being involved in state-of-the-art development in the field of AI &amp; love a challenge? If so, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is a Learning Machine NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to tackle challenges no one else can solve. Our work in AI and the metaverse is transforming the world's largest industries and profoundly impacting society. Learn more about NVIDIA.