We are looking for a Senior Developer Relation Manager to drive strategic partnerships with ISVs and developer communities who are building AI enhanced engineering and scientific simulation platforms, applications, solutions, or services with Physics Informed Machine Learning. Typical use cases are Climate and Weather simulation at various scales from local to global, Simulation of sub-surface flows for oil reservoirs or carbon storage, turbulent flows around wind turbine or power generation systems, Optimization of the design space characterized by physical parameters, Simulation-based design workflows in Industrial HPC, and last but not the least, Simulation based design workflows in healthcare. The Developer Relationship Manager is a high-profile role in NVIDIA. In this important role, you will be an evangelist of Nvidia’s Physics Informed Machine Learning technologies and products including NVIDIA Modulus and Earth-2. You will drive the technical, product, marketing and go-to-market engagement with strategic partners, play a significant role in identifying product gaps and defining future features for NVIDIA's products, and advocate partners’ success with NVIDIA. An ideal candidate has expertise in Physics Informed Machine Learning, a proven technical background in Deep Learning, and experience of ecosystem development. What you'll be doing: Explore and build the ecosystem in Physics Informed Machine Learning related domains with leading software companies, agencies, and developer communities; Build strategic relationships with partners and map the collaboration opportunities with each partner (Technical, Product, Marketing, or Go-To-Market). Drive technical engagement and product collaboration with partners to support partners’ technology, product and solution development with NVIDIA products including Modulus, Earth-2 and more. Collaborate with Nvidia’s product/engineering teams to influence the NVIDIA product and roadmap development based on the voice of NVIDIA partners. Collaborate with marketing teams from NVIDIA and partners to advocate partners’ solutions and showcase solutions that NVIDIA enables. Work with industrial alliance managers, account managers, marketing and business development across industries, and NVIDIA Inception program to highlight partners and drive industry-specific activities. Evangelize Nvidia’s Physics Informed Machine Learning technology and product on events and communities. What we need to see: BS/MS/PhD in Physics, Math, Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent experience Strong leadership skills, excellent communication abilities and collaborative attitude Proven understanding and experience of machine learning, deep learning technology, platforms and landscape Solid understanding and experience of Physics Informed Machine Learning for engineering and science simulations in one or multiple application domains. 10+ years of relevant work experience Ways to stand out from the crowd: Experience in Climate and Weather simulation and prediction Background with NVIDIA GPUs, SDKs, platforms or services. Experience of building strategic partnerships and a versatile ISVs ecosystem The base salary range is 180,000 USD - 339,250 USD. Your base salary will be determined based on your location, experience, and the pay of employees in similar positions. You will also be eligible for equity and benefits. NVIDIA accepts applications on an ongoing basis. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA is a Learning Machine NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to tackle challenges no one else can solve. Our work in AI and the metaverse is transforming the world's largest industries and profoundly impacting society. Learn more about NVIDIA.