NVIDIA is searching for senior web engineers to work in our AI Infrastructure. Our team is enabling NVIDIA and our customers to more easily scale up machine learning workflows - machine learning at scale requires a new vocabulary for organizing and managing data, jobs and users. We are building and optimizing human-in-the-loop flows which enable massive state of the art systems in Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning at NVIDIA and for our customers in many application spaces including medical imagery and autonomous driving. What you'll be doing: In this role, you will collaborate with a diverse team of user experience designers, DevOps, IT and security engineers as well as machine learning, deep learning experts. You will create human-in-the-loop and management applications at the frontier of what is possible in machine learning today and getting a front seat view of the action in this very hot space from a team and a company driving the progress at the cutting edge. Build the next generation AI Infrastructure including data ingestion, data indexing, data labeling, visualization, dashboards, data viewers and much more. Work very closely with our AI Infra team in Santa Clara to align on techniques, code, practices, projects, etc. Make innovations on products and processes. Your role will be full of learning opportunities and you are provides with plenty of excitements and rewards as we roll from concept to production. What we need to see: BS or MS in computer science or a related field. 3+ years of experience in software especially web applications development. Extensive and solid data structure, algorithm, programming knowledge and skills. Strong technical background in distributed systems and Microservices. Strong expertise in at least several web backend skills: Golang, Java, Scala, Python, RDBMS, NoSQL, Spark. Well versed in agile methodology. Experience in software shipping cycles (dev, deploy, release, CI). Being passionate and curious about new technologies. Being highly motivated and self-driven. You take pride in your work and strive to achieve incredible results and have excellent planning and communication skills. Ability to work successfully with multi-functional teams, principals and architects. Coordinates effectively across organizational boundaries and geographies. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Fluent English. You ever designed a cloud system and shipped successfully to production. Being familiar with AWS/Aliyun/Tencent Cloud, etc, experience with other aspects of cloud computing such as automation, deployment, security and monitoring. Understanding of JavaScript/CSS/HTML5, working knowledge of Angular, React, etc, knowledge of Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Storm, Message queue, Caching system. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. Are you a creative and autonomous software engineer with a genuine passion for advancing the state of AI and machine learning across a variety of verticals? Do you love a challenge? If so, we want to hear from you! #deeplearning NVIDIA is a Learning Machine NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to tackle challenges no one else can solve. Our work in AI and the metaverse is transforming the world's largest industries and profoundly impacting society. Learn more about NVIDIA.