NVIDIA is leading company of AI computing. At NVIDIA, our employees are passionate about AI, HPC , VISUAL, GAMING. Our SA team is more focusing to bring NVIDIA new technology into difference industries. We help to design the architecture of AI computing platform, analysis the AI and HPC applications to deliver our value to customers. You will work closely with industry sales, developer relationship managers and product teams in the hiring position. What you’ll be doing: Assist in supporting industry accounts and driving research/influencing/new business in those accounts. Assist researchers/engineers on their GPU applications. Deliver technical projects, demos and client support tasks as directed by the Solution Architecture leadership team. Provide technical support for GPU system deployments. Be an industry thought leader on integrating NVIDIA technology into applications built on Deep Learning, High Performance Data Analytics, Robotics, Signal Processing and other key applications. Be an internal champion for Data Analytics, Machine Learning, and Cyber among the NVIDIA technical community. What we need to see: 8+ years’ experience with research/development/application of Machine Learning, data analytics, or computer vision work flows. Outstanding verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently with minimal day-to-day direction C/C++/Python/Java/Scala programming experience Desire to be involved in multiple diverse and innovative projects Experience using scale-out cloud and/or HPC architectures for parallel programming MS or PhD in Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Data Science, Neuroscience, Experimental Psychology or equivalent experience. Ways to stand out from the crowd: AIGC/LLM/NLP experience CUDA optimization experience. Experience with Deep Learning frameworks and tools. Extensive experience designing and deploying large scale HPC and enterprise computing systems. NVIDIA is a Learning Machine NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to tackle challenges no one else can solve. Our work in AI and the metaverse is transforming the world's largest industries and profoundly impacting society. Learn more about NVIDIA.