Job Application for Team Manager, Interpretability (London) at Anthropic Apply Now Team Manager, Interpretability (London) at Anthropic (View all jobs) London, UK About Anthropic Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems. About the role: As one of the managers on the Interpretability team in Anthropic’s research organization, you'll support a team of expert researchers and engineers who are trying to understand at a deep, mechanistic level, how modern large language models work internally. We are currently looking for two team managers to partner with the technical leads of two of our subteams. Interpretability research is one of Anthropic’s core research bets on AI safety. We believe that deeply understanding how AI systems work at a mechanistic level is the most robust way to make advanced systems safe. Our Interpretability work touches nearly all parts of our research org and infrastructure, whether that's designing and running scientific experiments, parallelizing big jobs across multiple servers, optimizing complex programs for throughput and efficiency, improving our dev tooling, or collaborating with other research teams to increase the impact and reach of our discoveries. Few things can accelerate this work more than great managers. Your work as manager will be critical in making sure that our fast-growing team is able to meet its ambitious safety research goals over the coming years. You will manage careers and performance, facilitate relationships within and across teams, and shepherd the hiring pipeline. While you will not be primarily responsible for setting the research or technical direction, you will work closely with a Technical Research Lead to prioritize and operationalize the agenda. Your primary responsibilities will be people, project and performance management. We currently have three subteams within Interpretability. These teams all require a blend of engineering and research expertise to accomplish their goals, and as they grow, need project management and people management support to operate smoothly. We believe it is too much for one person to sustainably lead in all four of those disciplines for larger teams. Instead, we prefer to partner Technical Leads with Team Managers to better cover all these expertises. Thus, we are looking for Team Managers to help cover the people and project management sides. If you're more interested in making direct technical contributions to our research, feel free to apply to our Research Scientist role instead. Note: We are only open to candidates who can be based in London, rather than commuting in 25% of the time. Recent Work from the Interpretability Team Some of our team's notable publications include Towards Monosemanticity: Decomposing Language Models With Dictionary Learning, A Mathematical Framework for Transformer Circuits, In-context Learning and Induction Heads, and Toy Models of Superposition. This work builds on ideas from members' work prior to Anthropic such as the original circuits thread, Multimodal Neurons, Activation Atlases, and Building Blocks. Our research has recently led to the discovery of multilingual features in large language models. We are actively scaling dictionary learning to larger models and exploring novel approaches to understanding and mitigating obstacles to interpretability like superposition. Responsibilities: Partner with a Technical Research Lead to prioritize the team's work in alignment with our overall research strategy and goals Identify improvements to processes (e.g. research reviews, reading groups, code reviews) and implement solutions that help the team operate effectively Coach and support your direct reports in their professional growth and development Run the team's recruiting efforts efficiently, ensuring we can grow rapidly through a period of significant expansion Communicating team updates and results to other teams and leadership You may be a good fit if you: Believe that advanced AI systems could have a transformative effect on the world, and are passionate about helping make sure that transformation goes well Are an experienced manager (with at least 2 years of experience) and actively enjoy people management Have experience with our research or are motivated to learn more about it Enjoy working on an interdisciplinary team (members of our teams have experience across ML, physics, neuroscience, policy, business and product) Strong candidates may also have experience with: At least 1 year of technical experience with research and/or engineering Strong people management experience, including coaching, performance evaluation, mentorship, and career development Excellent project management skills, including prioritization and cross-functional coordination Experience recruiting talent for your team including predicting staffing needs, designing interview loops, evaluating and interviewing candidates, and closing offers Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Track record of leading high-performing research or engineering teams Experience working on open-ended, exploratory research agendas aimed at foundational insights Familiarity with engineering infrastructure inside fast-moving research teams The expected salary range for this position is:Annual Salary:£265,000—£370,000 GBP Logistics Location-based hybrid policy: Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices. US visa sponsorship: We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate; operations roles are especially difficult to support. But if we make you an offer, we will make every effort to get you into the United States, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this. We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification. Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed. Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team. Compensation and Benefits* Anthropic’s compensation package consists of three elements: salary, equity, and benefits. We are committed to pay fairness and aim for these three elements collectively to be highly competitive with market rates. Equity - On top of this position's salary (listed above), equity will be a major component of the total compensation. We aim to offer higher-than-average equity compensation for a company of our size, and communicate equity amounts at the time of offer issuance. US Benefits - The following benefits are for our US-based employees: Optional equity donation matching. Comprehensive health, dental, and vision insurance for you and all your dependents. 401(k) plan with 4% matching. 22 weeks of paid parental leave. Unlimited PTO – most staff take between 4-6 weeks each year, sometimes more! Stipends for education, home office improvements, commuting, and wellness. Fertility benefits via Carrot. Daily lunches and snacks in our office. Relocation support for those moving to the Bay Area. UK Benefits - The following benefits are for our UK-based employees: Optional equity donation matching. Private health, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents. Pension contribution (matching 4% of your salary). 21 weeks of paid parental leave. Unlimited PTO – most staff take between 4-6 weeks each year, sometimes more! Health cash plan. Life insurance and income protection. Daily lunches and snacks in our office. * This compensation and benefits information is based on Anthropic’s good faith estimate for this position as of the date of publication and may be modified in the future. Employees based outside of the UK or US will receive a different benefits package. The level of pay within the range will depend on a variety of job-related factors, including where you place on our internal performance ladders, which is based on factors including past work experience, relevant education, and performance on our interviews or in a work trial. How we're different We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills. The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI & Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences. Come work with us! Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. Apply for this Job * Required First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Resume/CV Drop files here Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually (File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf) (Optional) Personal Preferences How do you pronounce your name? Website Publications (e.g. Google Scholar) URL GitHub URL Are you open to working in-person at our office several days a week? * -- Yes No When is the earliest you would want to start working with us? Do you have any deadlines or timeline considerations we should be aware of? AI Policy for Application * While we encourage people to use AI systems during their role to help them work faster and more effectively, please do not use AI assistants during the application process. We want to understand your personal interest in Anthropic without mediation through an AI system, and we also want to evaluate your non-AI-assisted communication skills. Please indicate 'Yes' if you have read and agree. -- Yes No Will you now or in the future require visa sponsorship for employment at Anthropic? * -- Yes No Are you legally authorized to work in the country in which the job you are applying for is located? * -- Yes No We have one interview that can either focus on research or engineering technical depth. Which would you prefer? * Please selectResearch Engineering Do you have experience leading open ended research or exploratory projects (pre-paradigm research or pre-product-market fit engineering)? If so, how many people worked on it? * Have you line managed technical staff? If so, how many researchers and engineers and for how long? * Why Anthropic? * Why do you want to work at Anthropic? (We value this response highly - great answers are often 200-400 words.) Why do you want to work on the Anthropic interpretability team? (We value this response highly, and we like to see deeper and more specific engagement with our interpretability agenda than simply interest in AI or LLMs.) * In one paragraph, provide an example of something meaningful that you have done in line with your values. Examples could include past work, volunteering, civic engagement, community organizing, donations, family support, etc. * In one paragraph, provide an example of a time you felt compelled to build something and how you went about it. * Additional Information Add a cover letter or anything else you want to share. LinkedIn Profile Please ensure to provide either your LinkedIn profile or Resume, we require at least one of the two. Our system has flagged this application as potentially being associated with bot traffic. Please turn off any VPNs, clear your browser cache and cookies, or try submitting your application in a different browser. If this issue persists, please reach out to our support team via our help center. Please complete the reCAPTCHA above. Powered by Read our Privacy Policy